if you like this video why not subscribe
hey everyone welcome to this review of
this viewfinder attachment here for this
Sony nex-5n you can get them for any
DSLR camera I do recommend you get the
kind made for your specific camera
because I don't know if the shape of the
LCD attachment here is the same for all
cameras I don't believe it is but this
one does fit on my camera so try and
always try and get the one that matches
your camera always a good idea now this
one has about 13 dollars on eBay and of
course you could have taken the DIY
route and I was thinking about it for a
while but it's been done before and I
think better buy an OP top and then
later dave dugdale went from knock knock
tops designer made his own for about 8
bucks and I'll leave the links to those
videos below or in an annotation here so
you can see what those videos were like
but this was so close in cost $13
compared to $8 that I decided to go
ahead and buy it because I didn't think
it was worth saving 5 bucks to go ahead
and make one because it takes a little
bit of effort and it just wasn't enough
savings for me so I went ahead and
bought this one now this is a model that
has a magnification lens in it as you
can see there a magnifying glass it's
not a diopter meaning you can't adjust
the focus on that it's fixed focus I was
a little worried at first because I do
wear glasses and I thought I might need
a diopter but I didn't I'm nearsighted
that fortunately worked him in my favor
so I went ahead and bought this and it
came with this attachment which is what
screws into the tripod thread on the
bottom of your camera and then there are
magnetics that you're supposed to attach
as you can see there the viewfinder too
but I didn't really like this idea
because I did not want this to be stuck
to the back of my camera since I do have
an articulating LCD screen here on the
back that I use often I really like that
feature one reason I bought this camera
and if this were attached to the tripod
thread on the bottom and into the back
here I would not be able to lift my
screen which
I think is a dumb idea so I went ahead
and just disposed of this idea entirely
and what it went a different route to
attach it to my camera my first thing I
did was there are some ridges here or
some bumps on the back that allow it to
fit into this frame as you can see
there's some notches there you're going
to need to level those off because at
first I didn't do that and they ended up
creating a mark on the back of my LCD
screen where those little raised ridges
were I didn't really care for that
fortunately it came off after I cleaned
it but didn't like that idea so I took
care of that the second thing I had to
do was create some kind of padding on
the back here since this was not going
to be sticking to this frame anymore I
was touching my LCD screen I didn't
wanted to abuse it so I took some fuzzy
velcro sofa adhesive-backed fuzzy velcro
like this and I just cut it really thin
with some scissors and put it along the
edge right here so now there's a soft
edge I can just put right onto my camera
now the next problem was well how do I
attach it to my LCD screen but what I
did was I took crota flicks ideas and
see put a video out using an identical
viewfinder I believe and he had some put
some velcro actually right in the center
here on both sides and then run another
velcro strip around the screen well I
had a slightly different scenario
because you can see on my velcro screen
here there isn't a single passage
through the middle you can run the
velcro so two slots so I had to do
basically the same thing crota flick did
only just with two pieces instead of one
I just put two pieces of this is the
spiky side of the velcro right here and
then now I can just take to the soft
pieces like this you can get these
little packs of velcro for like a buck
50 or something I believe I got mine at
Dollar General now I'm just attaching
here now mine is not as fancy as crota
flicks he actually put like some fabric
he took the adhesive backing off and put
some fabric here and you got from a
t-shirt something I might do in the
future but
right now just going to do this and I
run the velcro pieces through the slots
there hold it in place I'm going to suck
it up or pull it tight on the bottom
until it attaches and there you go then
it's attached so now I can use this as
it as a viewfinder and bright sunlight I
can actually see my screen in bright
sunlight you can kind of see it there
you go sort of see it actually looks
pretty good so if I'm in something in an
area where I can't see the screen you
know by putting my hand over something I
have a completely shaded screen that's
magnified when I look through it has a
nice I cup right here and if I need to
tilt it I can which is something I
couldn't do if I was going to use this
worthless frame right here so all in all
I'm pretty happy with this that's just
me it's just made out of plastic all
this is plastic this knob here isn't
turned this is actually rubber there's
like a - I think a 2.8 magnification
right here and it works out pretty good
so thanks to crota flicks idea here it
sticks on the back and now I have a
pretty nice view finder that I know I
will use when I'm shooting out in the
daytime so again this is just kind of a
universal viewfinder here got it on eBay
for thirteen dollars I'll leave a link
below and I think I'm going to keep this